# Navigating through the code
## Python Files
Any file with a `.py` extension strictly contains code related to one of the required algorithms, the only exception being `helper.py`.  `helper.py` contains useful functions which are used throughout multiple files, mainly used for displaying data or formatting data.  Some files may contain duplicate code as some of the algorithms are similar.  The reason why not all the duplicate code is split into the `helper.py` file is because it is nice to look at the code in the algorithm you are viewing to get a better understanding.  The exception to this is the `GetFrequentItems()` function.
## Jupyter Notebook Files
Files marked with the Jupyter Notebook extension, `ipynb` are used for displaying data and showing how the algorithms work.  If you run these files they should demonstrate how the algorithms work and display their outputs by displaying time vs support graphs, showing false positives (when applicaple), and saving data to HTML files to be viewed on the report web pages.  If you run the `Apriori` or `PCY` code, the tables will dynamically refresh their values from the algorithms.
## Pair and Triple Web Pages
To view the list of pairs and triples for the `Apriori` and `PCY` algorithms, run the `./report/index.html` file on your local server.  If you have Visual Studio Code installed, this can be done with the [LiveSever extension.](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer)  Simply run the server, and use the top navigation to view the different pairings and triples for the respective algorithms and data fragments.  You will notice that the data is identical throughout `Apriori` and `PCY` pages, but this is expected and shows that the algorithms are working correctly **(or incorrectly but at least they're functioning the same! :)**